# Weeknotes 28

Good evening. Or morning.

This week, the organisation is "whatever categories I immediately placed things into". I can't remember the general strides of what I did this week, but thankfully, I've written them down. Here they are.

What did I do this week relating to...

1. [SERVER STUFF](#server-stuff)
   1. [I skipped my server payment](#i-skipped-my-server-payment)
   2. [I updated my server project-list homepage](#i-updated-my-server-project-list-homepage)
   3. [I removed a user from bus bot](#i-removed-a-user-from-bus-bot)
   4. [I made a flowers website](#i-made-a-flowers-website)
2. [SKIPBOOK STUFF](#skipbook-stuff)
   1. [I made a script to print GitHub events](#i-made-a-script-to-print-github-events)
3. [ONLINE STUFF](#online-stuff)
4. [MISC / IDEAS](#misc--ideas)
5. [VIDEO GAMES](#video-games)
6. [HARD STUFF I OBTAINED](#hard-stuff-i-obtained)
7. [HARD STUFF I WAS INVOLVED IN](#hard-stuff-i-was-involved-in)
8. [HARD STUFF I LOST POSSESSION OF](#hard-stuff-i-lost-possession-of)

## SERVER STUFF

### I skipped my server payment

I use [Kamatera] to host my Virtual Private Server. This week, the monthly payment declined. This isn't a surprise, as I have payments decline weekly. This is because I only keep £50 in my main bank account at a time, so I often have somewhere under £10 in the account. It mainly means that I have to log into a lot of strange accounts, oyster cards, or phone SIMs to tell them "no it's fine I put some money in, you can charge me again".

This week, my server payment declined. I think Kamatera are a month behind on their invoices, so there was no problem, but my card would not be accepted again, so I emailed them.

In the meanwhile, I...

### I updated my server project-list homepage

When I first started my server I set up a project list on <http://server.alifeee.net>. It was written semi-shoddily, so I hadn't been updating it.

I rewrote it using a [Mustache] template, so now I can add projects with YAML. I wanted to use [mo], a Mustache parser written entirely in Bash, but wasn't sure how to use arrays in bash properly, so I used a Mustache parser written in Ruby. I can't remember if I had Ruby installed, but it worked anyway :)

### I removed a user from bus bot

I was getting a lot of errors from bus bot about "can't send message to user".

...

a two hour break

...

I am back at home. Bus bot story is boring. Let's continue.

### I made a flowers website

I am of the belief that websites should be able to be small, friendly, and self-hostable. I made a fun website using CGI scripts that will host images for someone to create a gallery website. The repository is here: <https://github.com/alifeee/flowers-website>

## SKIPBOOK STUFF

### I made a script to print GitHub events

I created some scripts to receive GitHub webhooks and send the data out to a thermal printer, here, <https://github.com/alifeee/github-webhook-printing>.

Next week, I will attach this to the thermal printer I have and have a live-feed of GitHub notifications for an organisation. Should be alright.

## ONLINE STUFF

A few quick ones:

- I did a small amount of work for gspread
- I attended a lipu tenpo online meeting. There were some new members: it was fun
- I published a new blog on the hackspace website: <https://www.sheffieldhackspace.org.uk/liverpool-makefest-2024/>
- I made a bar chart of finances for lipu tenpo (mainly for Patreon money & print+post spending). I used pandas and Jupyter notebook. I love graphs.
- I got the last batch of new emoji added to my keyboard. It was nice to see the brown mushroom, lime, phoenix, and others that I'd been reading the proposals of to prepare the [anvil emoji proposal](https://alifeee.co.uk/anvil/)

I didn't tell you yet, but I decided to write more briefly. This is mainly because it is bed time.

## MISC / IDEAS

- I've been collecting guidelines for a happy life. Well, I've not. My sister has been collecting them, but I asked many people I know for them. Some are good, some are not, a la moi.
- I read a good idea about workshops at the hackspace where people can share their knowledge and skills - I might help run it.
- I found <https://switching.software/> and I'd like to try switching some things. Some things like Instagram I think I have too large an emotional or mindstate attachment to to be able to switch away from, as every time I think about it, I imagine the impracticality when I meet new people, and have to explain I don't have Instagram, and am only contactable on [Matrix], or some strange thing. I might try the alternatives at the *same* time, though.
- I might buy an [interrail pass](https://www.interrail.eu/en). They're on sale for a few more days.

## VIDEO GAMES

- I've been playing more Slice & Dice. I like it. I'm getting less momentum with it, so it'll probably not appear here for a while.

## HARD STUFF I OBTAINED

- I got the stickers I ordered! Lovely stickers. I'm cutting them out into squares so I can distribute them more easily.
- A member of the hackspace was very kind and helped me create some new bolts for my bike's front mudguard, so it no longer rattles.
- I got a latch hook from an antique shop, and started crafting a rag rug. It's very nice! I'd like to make a bigger one.

## HARD STUFF I WAS INVOLVED IN

- I played Catan. Sheep.
- I met a new person at a new cafe. We chatted a lot, and discussed living together (the reason for our meeting). They're very nice! I'd love to live with them. I may move house, then, in a few weeks.
- I swung by a repair cafe in Sheffield
- I helped a member of the hackspace set up their pen plotter. It's not quite done, but we made good progress.
- I went to a creative coding meetup, where I showed off some thermally printed OpenBenches. I couldn't connect to the Internet, so I was only printing the latest bench, as it was saved on the skipbook as "temp.jpeg". That was handy.
- I went to a housewarming (again???)

## HARD STUFF I LOST POSSESSION OF

- I cut my hair. Have a look.
- I made up a letter of a few lipu tenpo magazines for a Patreon member who had not received any. We think it is because my process of making the labels had caused me to miss off the "0" from the start of their ZIP code. You'd think this could be a common problem, and they'd be wise to ZIP codes short by 1 character. It also had the rest of the address on there, so I'm not sure why it didn't make it.
- I took the Pimoroni box into the hackspace and people had a look through.

I missed it above but I also ate a pastel de nata for the first time ever.

It was brief this week, because I must speak. I've been thinking about spinning the topics on something like <https://wheelofnames.com/>, and then writing paragraphs about those topics, and bullet pointing the rest (I could use my own random picker <https://alifeee.co.uk/p5js/random_picker/>, but I'm pretty sure it's biased to not be random...). This would differ from the current approach, which is seeming to be: write a few paragraphs about the first things that are categorised, then pick one of:

- get tired
- get unmotivated
- have a time skip
- get distracted

...and then write the rest of the weeknotes as bullet points. Maybe I'll try that next week. Maybe I'll also have a week off. That might be nice.

Until next time.

You should call them.

alifeee

[Kamatera]: https://www.kamatera.com/
[Mustache]: http://mustache.github.io/
[mo]: https://github.com/tests-always-included/mo
