# Weeknotes 09

A rare one today, as I write using my laptop. To keep me away from petty distractions like "spellchecking" and "markdown linting", I'm using nano which has none of that.
If I opened this in VSCode I would get distracted by many red squiggly lines.

## I ran a font workshop

This was very fun!!! I put a sign up in my local hackspace three weeks ago, that said "Font Workshop". It happened on Saturday.

A few people came, I did [a presentation](https://alifeee.co.uk/font-workshop/), and we made some fonts together!

Here is where I *would* say more, but instead I provide the maybe-joke statement of "if I don't write about it here, I'll *have* to make a blog post about it".

Hopefully I actually do.

## I did more handstands

I'm getting better at handstands. I recorded my recent attempts, and I'm able to stay in the air for a non-zero amount of time!
It's very nice to see a skill develop in my brain.
It's also nice that I seem to get better at doing it when I wait a day, for the thoughts and muscle-memory to develop in my sleep.

Hopefully soon I will be able to stay in a handstand for... ten seconds!

## I played Factorio!

I think we are pretty close to launching a rocket.
I'd like to launch a number of rockets equal to the number of players (somewhere between 7 and 11 depending on the week), and then I think the playthrough will be "complete", in my mind.
Others can carry on playing longer, but I would enjoy such a nice stopping point, rather than lacking in goals and fizzling out.

## It was Kabaddi finals week

It was the final week of the [Vivo Pro Kabaddi League](https://www.prokabaddi.com/) this week. My team (Dabang Delhi) was involved.

On Monday it was the eliminators. Dabang Delhi were eliminated.

On Wednesday it was the semi-finals. Jaipur Pink Panthers were eliminated.

On Friday it was the finals. It was an exciting game. Puneri Paltan won the league.

## I went to Front-End Sheffield

Front-End Sheffield (FES) is a fun meetup in Sheffield with monthly talks and socials.
The talk this month was about cookies in Chrome.

I enjoyed the social a lot, as I got to talk to lots of very interesting people about lots of interesting stuff!

I even met someone who said they wrote weeknotes.
But they had stopped a while ago.
It was still fun collecting their thoughts about it.

## I did a litter pick

Someone organised a litter pick near where I do work via email. I responded that we would turn up, and we went along for half an hour and picked up some litter.
I was given a flathead screwdriver - found in a hedge - which I can now use for all my tightening or untightening needs.

It was a very nice event. They said they'd like to organise it again next month. I'll definitely do it again.

## I watched Magnolia

Without much knowledge of what I was getting into, I watched [Magnolia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Magnolia_(film)) yesterday evening.
I wasn't prepared for how *long* it was, but I still enjoyed watching it.
