# Weeknotes 14

I have a headache, and I'm writing this in NotePad, which is bright white. Perhaps it also doesn't help that it is also in BogFace.

For most of this week I have been ill. Each day has been a lucky dip in the bag of [sore throat/headache/cough/runny nose/tired]. According to a few tests, it is not Covid, but it reminds me of it.

## I did a lot of print+post stuff

This week I did a lot for lipu tenpo print+post.

I made a print order on Monday.

I bought lots of stamps on Tuesday (a few weeks ago)

The prints arrived on Thursday.

I bought some printable address labels on Friday.

I printed the address labels on Saturday.

I packaged the zines and some extra stuff, then posted them, on Sunday

## I did some anvil emoji

On Tuesday I drafted the first draft of my [anvil emoji proposal](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1eXBeP4E28YRlXuSK54jkX5DpcYN3q93m9bew21DoIe4/edit). I also asked a friend to make me some nice images, and I will be adding more stuff in the coming time.

Then, I'll submit the proposal, and in a few months to years, the Unicode Consortium will discuss whether an anvil emoji is warranted.

## I downloaded my Spotify data

It's mostly streaming history. But there's a strange file of "inferences", which are things that Spotify tries to guess about your lifestyle.

## I went to a wedding

Almost. I met up with someone I met at last week's AlgoRave, and we happened to end up in the middle of an outdoor wedding photoshoot. I think we will both make the background of their pictures pop.

On my way home, I found a D6 dice on the street.

## I prepped for CSS naked day

On the 9th April, everywhere in the world, it's [CSS naked day](https://css-naked-day.github.io/). All three of my main websites will have no CSS, and look "ugly". It's a neat idea :)

## I was otherwise ill

:(