# Weeeknotes 12

This week I have not written these weeknotes until late because I wanted to do some preparation for a font talk I'm doing at Front End Sheffield (FES) later this week!

Thus (because it's bedtime soon, but I want to keep my integrity of "doing this on a Sunday): a whistlestop weeknotes is in action. What have I been doing?

## I updated the lipu tenpo Patreon

I updated the lipu tenpo Patreon to add a "print + post" tier. The idea is that we (I) will print each issue that is released, and post it to everyone subscribed.

I did a similar thing a year ago as an individual, but now I'm doing it as lipu tenpo e.V. It's good. On the Patreon, there are 16 members signed up already! I have stamps and envelopes, and I am thinking of finding some printable address stickers.

## I helped release lipu tenpo nanpa kalama

[nanpa kalama](https://liputenpo.org/lipu/nanpa-kalama/) is March's issue of lipu tenpo. There was some work to release it, including making the articles digestable by the website, and screwing around with lots of images.

## I decided to take part in CSS Naked Day

[CSS Naked Day](https://css-naked-day.github.io/) is an event where people strip all styles off of their website. I like the idea. I am on the [2024 list of "people who plan to get naked"](https://css-naked-day.github.io/2024.html).

## I spent a lot of time hunting bugs in a Factorio map generator

I'd like to generate a nice historical map for my finished Factorio multiplayer game. However, I came across a [weird issue with overlapping maps](https://github.com/L0laapk3/FactorioMaps/issues/128). I subsequently spent [a long time exploring code](https://github.com/L0laapk3/FactorioMaps/pull/129).

## I revived the SkipBook™

That's my (adopted) name for a laptop I found in a skip, and booted ["Damn Small Linux"](http://damnsmalllinux.org/) onto. It's the first computer I've owned with Linux on it, which is impressive for how much I love bash.

It's hardware from 2005. I'm currently trying to get it to stay on and connected to the Internet, so I can use it as a terrible server. And so that I can...

## I revived Pollen Bot

[Pollen Bot](https://github.com/alifeee/pollen_bot/) is a Telegram bot I made to text me when the pollen count forecast was expected to be High or Very High, so I would be aware of when I would be feeling terrible thanks to hayfever. I still haven't decided if that knowledge is useful, or if ignorance is bliss.

Pollen bot died at the start of winter, as it uses the [Met Office Pollen Forecast](https://www.metoffice.gov.uk/weather/warnings-and-advice/seasonal-advice/pollen-forecast), which... dies at the start of winter. I'd not coded in that.

Anyway, Pollen Bot seemed like the perfect thing to put on the SkipBook™, as it is an Internet-enabled "thing", which is low-importance.

## I borrowed some books from the library

I love libraries. I spent a while this week perusing the shelves in one of my local libraries, and I ended up borrowing three books. I think I will end up reading *at least* one of them.

## I made a pincushion

My pins in my sewing box were previously stuck to a magnet, which formed a ball of spiky death. I spent an evening at the hackspace making a pincushion. I wasn't able to think very well of the design I wanted, in terms of thinking in 3D, so I ended up with a "samosa" shape (a square... folded over).

## I helped someone laser cut at the hackspace

Someone came in wanting to laser cut some wood. I helped them set it up and get it going. It felt good.

## I went to Red Brick Market

Red Brick Market was one of my favourite places in Birmingham. I called it "Etsy IRL". This week, they opened one in Sheffield! (the only other - and original - one is in Liverpool.) Over the coming months there should be more and more stands opening in there, so I will probably pop in every week or two and wander around, especially since it's right near the hackspace.

## Goodbye

Goodbye.
