# Weeknotes 24

I have been volunteering at DocFest this week. I have been volunteering at DocFest today. I have just got home from DocFest. It is past midnight.

As sleep is one of my favorite things, it will be brief this week. In that manner, links will be provided at the bottom and not in text, and the topics will be ordered "in the order that I wrote them down", perhaps my highest entropy weeknote yet.

What have I been doing this week?

## I have learnt how to use interrupts on an ESP

For the train sign, I wanted to use a single ESP, rather than an Arduino Uno + ESP + serial connection.

This requires rewiring the hardware. I thought this would be the hard bit. However, it also requires compiling the software for ESP. It did not compile to begin with.

The software used a timer specific to Arduino. I had to find an interrupt library for ESP. I think I did, and got it vaguely working, but there's more to do.

I'll hack at it when I'm next at the hackspace.

## I went to a design festival

This is less than it sounds. I saw a sign in town for "design festival" so I wandered in. It was architectural design, and sort of boring. Also slightly interesting.

## I contributed to Eleventy

Well, technically I did so last December, when I made a pull request.

The PR took me quite a while to make, as it involved a lot of debugging. A lot of other people had a similar issue, so it was nice to feel like I've fixed many people's problems now. Here are some links, first of the PR, then of some issues it closed.

- <https://github.com/11ty/eleventy/pull/3120#issuecomment-2159310386>
- <https://github.com/11ty/eleventy/issues/2512#issuecomment-2159311617>
- <https://github.com/11ty/eleventy/issues/3013#issuecomment-2159312157>
- <https://github.com/11ty/eleventy/issues/2837#issuecomment-2159313676>

## I volunteered at DocFest

A friend mentioned they would volunteer at a thing called "DocFest". I'd not heard of it, but it sounded fun. I and a mutual second friend signed up to volunteer. The original friend didn't actually turn up in the end, but it was so very nice to have that 2nd friend around to experience volunteering at the festival with. Without them I may have enjoyed it but not had the same experience.

DocFest is the largest documentary festival in the UK. It's held in Sheffield. I volunteered as Venue Crew, which meant I did a lot of showing people to their screens, and running around mics for Q&As. I enjoyed it muchly. Here is a mainly unorganised and undeveloped list of how my week went, showing three days of it.

- mic running for The Flats
- ushering for Made in Ethiopia and The Contestant
- lunch with friend
- caught the end of & mic ran for The Contestant
- chaperone for Freedom of the Press and My Sweet Land
- went to open bar & food
  - went with friend's new friends
  - met some new friends from Liverpool uni
  - learnt about Chelmsford super car boot
  - learnt about poster making
  - learnt about insurance
- went to leadmill
- went to washy

- took friend and new friend on a walk for their break
- popped in to see Michael Sheen
- met a new friend
- ticketed Breaking Barriers 
- ticketed Roger Ross on Social Impact Documentaries
- popped in to see Simon Reeves 
- got called a star volunteer

- ushered for The Mother of All Lies and Plastic People
- watched a bit of Mother of All Lies
- mic ran for Plastic People
- ushered for Ancestral Lands: Yintah
- ushered for the accidental president, harder than a rock, and HAIYU
- watched some accidental president
- lunch w friend
- handed out leaflets for accidental president
- met a camera operator volunteer, mutual of a friend
- ushered for Eternal You, Daughters, My Sweet Land, and Farming the Revolution
- met friend outside their film
- attempted to buy tickets for the Contestant and Union
- waited in the standby queue for Union
- watched the Union (first film watched) 
- went to box office but The Strike tickets were sold out
- didn't get in to watch The Contestant, so watched some short films
- went to showroom for drinks


## Several items skipped

I did some other stuff but I want to go to sleep now.

Here some are as a completely contextless list:

- ringram
- bought new trousers
- bought some ribbon
- origami at craft night!
- got told not to splice an ethernet cable
- lipu tenpo markdowning
- lipu tenpo new issue todo list
- got some sample stickers!
- got a USB hub
- board games
- imposed an influxdb data retention
- posted railcards blog

## Links

I actually really want to sleep. Instead of clicking links, please use a search engine to find out about things. Or, email me!

Until next time.

Stay sane.

alifeee