# Weeknotes 50

Welcome to weeknotes 50. It's actually weeknotes 52, as I started before the start of last year (fuck new year's resolutions.)

That also means that next week's weeknotes is the first of a new year of weeknotes. I'll carry it on, as I enjoy doing it, and I have small plans for next week...

in the meanwhile, what did I do this week? categorised by "how many people did I do it with":

- [with 0 other people](#with-0-other-people)
  * [I've been writing a blog post about hitchhiking](#ive-been-writing-a-blog-post-about-hitchhiking)
  * [I bought some wall plugs](#i-bought-some-wall-plugs)
  * [[3 topics skipped here as I deemed them not of note]](#3-topics-skipped-here-as-i-deemed-them-not-of-note)
  * [I bought an interrail pass.](#i-bought-an-interrail-pass)
  * [I backed up my Pop OS settings to a GitHub repository](#i-backed-up-my-pop-os-settings-to-a-github-repository)
  * [I made some Xmas gits](#i-made-some-xmas-gits)
  * [I made some notes](#i-made-some-notes)
  * [I watched a talk about breaking DRM in Polish trains](#i-watched-a-talk-about-breaking-drm-in-polish-trains)
  * [this item copied verbatim from notes](#this-item-copied-verbatim-from-notes)
- [with 1 other person](#with-1-other-person)
  * [I was gifted a DVI-only graphics card](#i-was-gifted-a-dvi-only-graphics-card)
  * [I watched a film from Hong Kong](#i-watched-a-film-from-hong-kong)
  * [I helped someone with their printer](#i-helped-someone-with-their-printer)
  * [I reviewed some code](#i-reviewed-some-code)
  * [I made a typeface from wood block prints](#i-made-a-typeface-from-wood-block-prints)
- [with 2 other people](#with-2-other-people)
  * [I had guest Thursday](#i-had-guest-thursday)
  * [I played badminton](#i-played-badminton)
- [with 3 other people](#with-3-other-people)
  * [I was visited by my landlord](#i-was-visited-by-my-landlord)
  * [I played gloomhaven](#i-played-gloomhaven)
- [with 4 other people](#with-4-other-people)
  * [I had tasty, tasty pancakes](#i-had-tasty-tasty-pancakes)
  * [I cracked a Wii and played OpenTTD](#i-cracked-a-wii-and-played-openttd)
- [with many other people](#with-many-other-people)
  * [I had a Christmas meal and helped run a Christmas quiz](#i-had-a-christmas-meal-and-helped-run-a-christmas-quiz)
- [the end](#the-end)

## with 0 other people

### I've been writing a blog post about hitchhiking

Technically, you can see my current progress as it's all open source. You just have to know where to look. The post should be published soon.

### I bought some wall plugs

Now I can attach heavy things to the wall. Shelves are coming.

### [3 topics skipped here as I deemed them not of note]

### I bought an interrail pass.

They're 25% off until tomorrow, which is a pretty good discount. Perhaps part of me wishes they never went on sale (like Factorio), then you could never be missing out.

### I backed up my Pop OS settings to a GitHub repository

Now I can copy it to new computers easily, and keep my laptop and PC in sync more easily too (I had keybinds that were CTRL+SHIFT+SUPER on my laptop and CTRL+SHIFT+ALT on my PC). It's on <https://github.com/alifeee/pop-os-backup>.

### I made some Xmas gits

shhh

### I made some notes

They were:

- [attempts to make a local archive of personal websites](https://blog.alifeee.co.uk/notes/attempts-to-make-a-local-archive-of-personal-websites/)
- [comparing PCs with terminal commands](https://blog.alifeee.co.uk/notes/comparing-pcs-with-terminal-commands/)
- [a Nautilus script to create blank files in a folder](https://blog.alifeee.co.uk/notes/a-nautilus-script-to-create-blank-files-in-a-folder/)
- [combining geojson files with jq](https://blog.alifeee.co.uk/notes/combining-geojson-files-with-jq/)
- [installing my own VPN on my server was much easier than I thought](https://blog.alifeee.co.uk/notes/installing-my-own-vpn-on-my-server-was-much-easier-than-i-thought/)

### I watched a talk about breaking DRM in Polish trains

The talk is hosted for free on media.ccc.de: <https://media.ccc.de/v/37c3-12142-breaking_drm_in_polish_trains>

It's from Chaos Computer Congress last year. I found it very interesting to watch and listen to.

### this item copied verbatim from notes

```text
looking at different TLDs (`.co.uk` is weird as I am not a corporation - but maybe the meaning has waned anyway - it's also not very globalist)
  alifeee.fun
  alifeee.online
  alifeee.world
```

## with 1 other person

### I was gifted a DVI-only graphics card

Thanks to the gifter. Now to plug it into a PC and monitor and see if it works!

### I watched a film from Hong Kong

It was "All Will Be Well". I enjoyed it.

### I helped someone with their printer

Well, really I promised to help them.

### I reviewed some code

It was for gspread.

### I made a typeface from wood block prints

The texture of the prints made the auto-traced SVGs... very large.

## with 2 other people

### I had guest Thursday

### I played badminton

## with 3 other people

### I was visited by my landlord

### I played gloomhaven

## with 4 other people

### I had tasty, tasty pancakes

### I cracked a Wii and played OpenTTD

## with many other people

### I had a Christmas meal and helped run a Christmas quiz

## the end

the latter half of these weeknotes written quick. You definitely couldn't have noticed. It's now bedtime.

Tune in next week for a 1-year-of-weeknotes spectacular.

Until next week.

Stay 11 degrees C, Cloudy.

alifeee

