# Weeknotes 37

Let's see what this turns into. I've just come home from a street party on my street. It remains to be seen how much fuel is in my typing fingers.

Organised by what I believe to be a new metric: what did I do this week?

1. [Within my house](#within-my-house)
   1. [I made a big spanish omelette](#i-made-a-big-spanish-omelette)
   2. [I watched perfect days](#i-watched-perfect-days)
   3. [I took some pictures of my sellotape dispenser](#i-took-some-pictures-of-my-sellotape-dispenser)
   4. [I put some power strips on the wall](#i-put-some-power-strips-on-the-wall)
   5. [I launched Slice \& Dice](#i-launched-slice--dice)
   6. [I struggled to book badminton](#i-struggled-to-book-badminton)
   7. [I bought Gloomhaven](#i-bought-gloomhaven)
   8. [I thought about PIR sensors](#i-thought-about-pir-sensors)
   9. [I made an automatic QR code printer](#i-made-an-automatic-qr-code-printer)
   10. [I planned another river walk](#i-planned-another-river-walk)
   11. [I made a social calendar](#i-made-a-social-calendar)
   12. [I sunlit my website differ](#i-sunlit-my-website-differ)
   13. [I joined my street's groups.io](#i-joined-my-streets-groupsio)
   14. [I planned a trip to Hull](#i-planned-a-trip-to-hull)
   15. [I got PixelFed](#i-got-pixelfed)
2. [Within 100m of my house](#within-100m-of-my-house)
   1. [I saw my street decorated for a street party](#i-saw-my-street-decorated-for-a-street-party)
   2. [I went to a street party](#i-went-to-a-street-party)
   3. [I saw a desk](#i-saw-a-desk)
3. [Within 1000m of my house](#within-1000m-of-my-house)
   1. [I went for pizza](#i-went-for-pizza)
   2. [I bought a small "plant stand"](#i-bought-a-small-plant-stand)
   3. [I bought gloves, a scarf, and a hat](#i-bought-gloves-a-scarf-and-a-hat)
4. [within 5000m of my house](#within-5000m-of-my-house)
   1. [I played Catan](#i-played-catan)
   2. [I played badminton](#i-played-badminton)
   3. [I went to a tenants' union meeting](#i-went-to-a-tenants-union-meeting)
   4. [I went to a talk about e-waste](#i-went-to-a-talk-about-e-waste)
   5. [I failed to be vended a chocolate bar](#i-failed-to-be-vended-a-chocolate-bar)
   6. [I took a plant cutting](#i-took-a-plant-cutting)
   7. [I transported a bean bag across town](#i-transported-a-bean-bag-across-town)
   8. [I booted Pop!OS on my PC](#i-booted-popos-on-my-pc)
   9. [I can't boot Windows](#i-cant-boot-windows)
   10. [I bought some hair clips](#i-bought-some-hair-clips)
   11. [I went to a wholefoods shop](#i-went-to-a-wholefoods-shop)
   12. [I bought some guitar picks](#i-bought-some-guitar-picks)
   13. [I went to a creative coding event](#i-went-to-a-creative-coding-event)
   14. [I fixed an RSS feed combiner](#i-fixed-an-rss-feed-combiner)
5. [N/A from my house](#na-from-my-house)
   1. [kabaddi is coming up on us](#kabaddi-is-coming-up-on-us)
   2. [I got an email from Heardle](#i-got-an-email-from-heardle)
   3. [I told somebody how they could make a font from handwriting](#i-told-somebody-how-they-could-make-a-font-from-handwriting)
   4. [I told somebody my thoughts on Eleventy](#i-told-somebody-my-thoughts-on-eleventy)
   5. [Pollen bot was reduced to ash](#pollen-bot-was-reduced-to-ash)
6. [The End](#the-end)

## Within my house

### I made a big spanish omelette

I think it used 9 eggs. A cous-cous salad was also made, and it was shared around the table for a very nice meal.

### I watched perfect days

[Perfect Days](https://www.imdb.com/title/tt27503384/) is a fun film about a guy. You should watch it. I missed the last 10 minutes.

### I took some pictures of my sellotape dispenser

Expect a [blog post](https://blog.alifeee.net/) using those pictures soon...

### I put some power strips on the wall

Power strips are useful. However, they are quite clutterish lying on the floor. Handily, they all have holes in the back to mount them. I went and splashed all of my cash (73p) on nails, and nailed some into the walls above the skirting board. Very neat.

### I launched Slice & Dice

[Slice & Dice](https://tann.fun/games/dice/) is one of my [favourite mobile games](https://alifeee.net/bookmarks/#mobile%20games). However, there was a starting character recently that has a dice which spawns skeletons. I find it really difficult to play with, and quit the game easily when it happens as it feels so unfair.

### I struggled to book badminton

That's a lie. Someone else struggled, but I listened. They think the sports hall is being used for other purposes for a couple of weeks.

### I bought Gloomhaven

I bought the digital edition of [Gloomhaven](https://store.steampowered.com/app/780290/Gloomhaven/). My friends and I may make a common occurence of playing it. We completed [Jaws of the Lion](https://boardgamegeek.com/boardgame/291457/gloomhaven-jaws-of-the-lion) together a few years ago, and it was very fun. We live (very) apart now.

### I thought about PIR sensors

I'd like to get a motion sensor that I can attach to an existing outdoor (covered) light. I'm not fully sure what I'm doing with electronics, but... everyone can do everything if they try, right?

### I made an automatic QR code printer

I attached the [thermal printer](https://github.com/alifeee/thermal-printer-pi) I was kindly gifted to my [raspberry pi](https://github.com/alifeee/pi-desktop), and wrote [a script](https://github.com/alifeee/thermal-printer-pi/blob/main/qr.py) and a couple of 😻😻 [CGI scripts](https://github.com/alifeee/thermal-printer-pi/tree/main/cgi) 😻😻, so that I can open a browser on my phone and print a QR code with any title and any URL (even [wifi QR codes](https://qifi.org/)). (footnote, discovered <https://fietkau.software/qr> this or last week, it's good). I've been printing what could be described as "too many QR codes".

### I planned another river walk

I love river walks. The weather over the next few days looks river-walk inducing, so I have planned one. I will do it.

### I made a social calendar

I made my [simple calendar](https://github.com/alifeee/simple-calendar) arguably more complex. Maybe it's simple in the "viewing" sense, but not the developer sense. Anyway, it's live on <https://cal.alifeee.net/>. On there, you can see what I (plan to be) up to. See more context on the page. (feel free to read it :)

### I sunlit my website differ

A while ago I made a website differ (<https://github.com/alifeee/website-differ>) to keep track of changes to websites (such as to see when websites started/stopped advertising jobs). This week, I turned it off, as: I wasn't really using it; it was giving me a lot of notifications; there are probably better alternatives anyway (like [changedetection.io](https://github.com/dgtlmoon/changedetection.io)) (not that that should ever stop you making something).

### I joined my street's groups.io

My street (and the adjoining ones) use <https://groups.io/>. I like that. It's like a Facebook or Google group but it's not Facebook or Google. (though it is now "unknown company"). I think the software is still closed-source, which is sad.

### I planned a trip to Hull

It's Hull time. Soon. The Deep, Hull Fair, among other things.

### I got PixelFed

Part of my ongoing life is becoming less dependent on "big tech" (Google/Amazon/Facebook/Microsoft). I don't think that should mean "less tech", which is why I love the existence of things like Mastodon, BookWyrm, etc. I'm a big user of Instagram, and I'd like an alternative at the least. Today, I made an account on <https://pixelfed.social/>. I was going to just post to both Instagram *and* PixelFed from now on, but I found they had an import feature, so I have asked Instagram for an export. When they provice me it, I'll import it into PixelFed. I think I'll still use both for now.

## Within 100m of my house

### I saw my street decorated for a street party

Some bunting was put up. It looks very nice.

### I went to a street party

It was right outside my house. It was very nice.

### I saw a desk

It was down the road from my house. It seemed very nice.

## Within 1000m of my house

### I went for pizza

It was at a place that doesn't do bookings. I couldn't wish for a better place. I often say that I wish bookings weren't a thing.

### I bought a small "plant stand"

It's actually a vertical CD rack. But it's functionally identical to a plant stand, and because CDs are hated (I guess?) it was only £1.99. It will come in handy.

### I bought gloves, a scarf, and a hat

It's [getting colder](https://little-inferno.fandom.com/wiki/The_Weather_Man). My hat was stolen many months ago. I lost my scarf a few months ago. I lost one of my two gloves last week. I went into Oxfam and bought the most garish scarf (mustard yellow), hat (green), and gloves (black) I could find. It's hard to find garish gloves.

## within 5000m of my house

### I played Catan

It's a good game.

### I played badminton

It's a good game.

### I went to a tenants' union meeting

It's a good game.

### I went to a talk about e-waste

It wasn't so good.

### I failed to be vended a chocolate bar

It wasn't so good.

### I took a plant cutting

It seems like it will be good.

### I transported a bean bag across town

It seems like it will be good.

### I booted Pop!OS on my PC

It seems like it will be good.

### I can't boot Windows

I don't know why. I'd like to be able to easily boot Linux or Windows, but after installing Linux, Windows has disappeared from my boot menu. I think it might have something to do with the boot priority of NVMe M.2 drives.

### I bought some hair clips

They're colourful. They will make my mood colourful.

### I went to a wholefoods shop

We got lots of lentils

### I bought some guitar picks

They were to replace one that I watched get stolen.

### I went to a creative coding event

I saw some interesting topological data analysis.

### I fixed an RSS feed combiner

It was recognising `08` and `09` as octal numbers. They are not valid octal numbers.

## N/A from my house

### kabaddi is coming up on us

October 18th marks the start of the Pro Kabaddi League. You better be ready.

### I got an email from Heardle

They were asking for me to fix my link to their website. I'm not sure how they knew I had the wrong link on there in the first place. They told me it was better for SEO to not have dead links. I said I didn't care.

### I told somebody how they could make a font from handwriting

You wouldn't believe how excited I was to be asked that.

### I told somebody my thoughts on Eleventy

They are nuanced.

### Pollen bot was reduced to ash

Once again, the Met Office has stopped their pollen forecast for the year. I have started getting error messages, and will continue to do so every day until I fix it. I'm thinking of creating a "hibernation mode" for pollen bot, which it will come out of when it finds a pollen forecast on the page.

## The End

slut.
