# Weeknotes 07

This week I write from home, which breaks a pattern of travel-writing from trains. There are some vegetables roasting in the oven. I've never timed how long it takes me to write a weeknote, so if I get interrupted by vegetables then I know it's at least that long.

## I started making a tiny ICS file generator

When I want to remember that something will happen, I'll create an event in my Google Calendar. I have to repeat a lot of actions, and it's kind of clunky. I'd like to be able to create events easier and quicker.

With this in mind, I started creating a "simple" web form, which took a few things (title, date, length, description, location), and generates an ICS file. Then, I could make an event on my phone and open the ICS file which automatically adds it to my calendar.

I don't have an image, as this blog does not have images. You can see everything contained in an HTML file [here](https://github.com/alifeee/alifeee.github.io/blob/ics-generator/pages/ics.html). I think I will give up on it as

- The ICS file format is unforgiving
- I cannot embed reminders into the files, which are the main reason I wanted to do it, as these take the longest in Google Calendar
- the finished product would realistically not be THAT much faster than Google Calendar's UI

However, it would be nice to generate my own ICS files to share with other people. I currently have to find a website to do that with.

## I found two pieces of furniture on the street

I took them home. They're in my room. I will now put things on them. This will clear space from my existing pieces of furniture. The world revolves.

## I resubscribed to Mubi

I got a free month of Mubi three months ago. After a month I tried to cancel and they offered me another free month. After that month I tried to cancel and they offered me 50% off, which I took. After that month I cancelled. A week later - which is now - I went on the website and they offered me three months for £1. I faltered. I took it.

## I made it to the lipu tenpo meeting this week

[lipu tenpo](https://liputenpo.org/) has an organisational meeting every Wednesday. There we discuss things like changes to the style guide, website updates, and general stuff that comes up running a zine.

Last week I forgot to go, and I didn't realise the meeting had happened for a few days. This week, I turned up (late, whoops).

Someone was there who was interested in helping with the [website redesign](https://github.com/lipu-tenpo/liputenpo.org), and also physical magazine printing. I led them through our thoughts on the two ideas, and then listened to their thoughts.

They said they were interested in helping with the website. I already had the todo list in github issues, so they were easily able to see what needs doing, and can pick it up! Love github issues.

## I applied to live in a housing cooperative

I like the idea of housing cooperatives a lot. If we, as individuals, can no longer afford houses, it's only nice that we, as collectives, can. One nearby me has an opening, so I applied to their Google form. I am hopeful!

## I thought more about EMFCamp

I know two other friends going to [EMFCamp](https://www.emfcamp.org/). This week, someone asked in our hackspace discord who was going. There were a few.

They expressed interest in making a village for the hackspace. I think this idea is [a bit overdone](https://wiki-archive.emfcamp.org/2022/wiki/Category:Villages), but I am still interested in a village, so long as some creativity is employed further than "[town] hackspace". I'd like to have a think, and create some of this creativity.

## Fish break

The vegetables are half-done. Time to add some fish.

## I played Factorio again

This is now a staple of these posts. It remains a good game. One friend told me the reminder messages I send ("we play tomorrow" etc) are actually helpful. What good feedback.

## I chatted with the co-maintainer of gspread

I maintain [gspread](https://github.com/burnash/gspread), with one other. We interact often in GitHub comments. Occasionally we will have a video call. We did this week. It is always nice to see the face behind the comments.

## I went to a gig

I haven't been to one in a while. It was good fun. I got to both dress up, and ask for the first time for earplugs behind the venue bar. 

I recently learnt that it is a legal requirement for this to be offered - just like free water - in venues that get to louder than so many decibels. Funnily enough, this is also the case at server farms, which often have a bucket of earplugs.

## I haven't yet eaten vegetables

That means this didn't take too long to write! Neat! Always gotta have that in mind, otherwise come Sunday I'll procrastinate. Until next time. 