# Weeknotes 51

This is (ISO) week 51 of the year, but it's week 53 of weeknotes! Which means I wrote a whole year'sworth! I've been enjoying it, and I plan to continue it indiscriminately.

For this special weeknotes, I have a special treat: I shall not be telling you what I've been doing this week, but in a role-reversal twist, I will be telling *you* what *you've* done this week.

Each item from a different person who has read some of these weeknotes. What have you done this week?

---

> I had and then healed a coldsore, but not quite in time to kiss my girlfriend at the airport

---

> this week i have been typing in and running programs from the Acornsoft book Creative Graphics, and sucking on soothers to help with a cold.

---

> i submitted my masters dissertation!! :3
> 
> also hitchhiked with a pool table

---

> this week I did 3 jobs, one for that music channel which dire straits sung about, I did two more jobs for a sporting channel which is likely on your television and one job for a christmas video, I also started 3D Printing out more gridfinity dividers for my a new set of drawers in my shed, they are just like another set of drawers I have so I can reuse all the bits

---

> i had a trial shift for a job which i got rejected for
>
> i* made a tom yum which i thought was really nice but one of my co-chefs described as sub par
>
> i was gifted a scarf which has now become part of my personality

---

> I went to the trials for the England Kabaddi Team, even though I had no chance of getting in, because that's just the best way to live life.

---

> I won a £2 tiger for my physical toils this year

---

> I meditated, cold dipped, and saw the sun rise at CVP in the dark early morning

---

> Craft bombing a local community with felt doves of Christmas peace at 5:30am!

---

> this week I have been interviewed by cambridge :)

---

> This week I took my mum around the Christmas markets near where I live. I warned her beforehand that they were shit but she wanted to go anyway. She agreed that they were shit.

---

> I have been recovering from jetlag while trying to finish up all my work for the holidays while trying to catch up with two podcasts I'm behind on making while failing to buy a house while trying to cram in all my Christmas shopping.

---

> Very sweet, congrats on a year! Well this is some role reversal, this week finished last week of work for 2024 and I drove from Leamington to London to catch a flight home to guernsey for the first time in 15 months

---

> This week I have been to two different tech studios where I got to muck about with audio/visuals. And I finished my lamp!

---

> I submitted a bonkers funding proposal, co organised a 33 hour online event with 170ish live coding performances, performed a duet with some solenoids, contributed to my org's annual review and started planning a festival happening in September.

---

p.s., if you wrote me one of these, and I've forgotten to put it above: sorry. Poke me, and I'll add it.

If you've done something this week and you haven't told me about it already... send me a text! :)

wishing you well

alifeee
