# Weeknotes 23

Is there a maximum amount of energy one can expend blogging? Maybe.

Have I spent a lot of time today already blogging? Yes.

You can read about the exciting topic of... "railcards"... tomorrow.

For now, here is a wacky, insanity-infused ordering of some things I've been doing this week.

As I would like to go to bed, I am allowing only a single sentence per item. Text me if you want to hear more. Text me if you don't want to hear more.

With no further ado, I have been doing...

1. [THINGS I CAN'T TOUCH](#things-i-cant-touch)
   1. [SOFTWARE](#software)
   2. [GAMES](#games)
   3. [OTHER CONSUMABLE MEDIA](#other-consumable-media)
2. [THINGS I CAN TOUCH](#things-i-can-touch)
   1. [CLOSE IN TIME, CLOSE IN SPACE](#close-in-time-close-in-space)
   2. [CLOSE IN TIME, FAR IN SPACE](#close-in-time-far-in-space)
   3. [FAR IN TIME, CLOSE IN SPACE](#far-in-time-close-in-space)
   4. [FAR IN TIME, FAR IN SPACE](#far-in-time-far-in-space)

## THINGS I CAN'T TOUCH

### SOFTWARE

- I've been enjoying Mastodon, where someone mentioned interest in making a technological bench to print inscriptions from [OpenBenches]; I'd like to do that too!
- I reviewed a change to gspread, which mostly means me asking for tests and docstrings.
- I've been thinking about the 'best' way to make a network graph, and may end up using [Springy.js](http://getspringy.com/).

### GAMES

- I helped implement some features and fix some bugs in [MORSE](https://alexvscoding.itch.io/morse) for Playdate, including adding animations, fixing spawning issues, and adding UI interactions, all in Lua (I love Lua).
- I want to play the [Tactical Breach Wizards](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1043810/Tactical_Breach_Wizards/) demo, which is a *very* achievable goal

### OTHER CONSUMABLE MEDIA

- I've been listening to [BBC Radio 6 Music](https://www.bbc.co.uk/sounds/play/live:bbc_6music) more than normal, as I've been having wonky thoughts about using Spotify so much.
- I've been reading the [Pluralistic](https://pluralistic.net/) blog a lot, and been enjoying the slow vilification of lots of different parts of modern technological, capitalist society.

## THINGS I CAN TOUCH

### CLOSE IN TIME, CLOSE IN SPACE

- I bound a Zine with string, in absence of a stapler, which may become my new default binding method.
- I thermally printed some benches from [OpenBenches], and set up the printer to be permanently on (and print the latest bench on its manifestation).
- I put some sweet new stickers on my laptop, mainly ones from [EMF Camp].
- I got annoyed at - then learnt more about - public telephone advertising boards (I understand that their creation has now been banned, woo!)

### CLOSE IN TIME, FAR IN SPACE

- I went to London for a few days and had a lot of pleasant wanders and adventures
- I met an online friend from Mastodon, and we had a mutual (does it cancel out?) parasocial relationship catch-up, due to reading each other's blogs (it was very fun to catch up)
- I took a train back to Sheffield and fell asleep for a lot of it

### FAR IN TIME, CLOSE IN SPACE

- I will be volunteering at [Sheffield DocFest](https://www.sheffdocfest.com/), for which I went to a training session (I know very little about the event but I think it will be fun to volunteer!)
- I have not had a boneless Wednesday for the past two weeks, as it is very difficult to rationalise the concept while I am planning a lot (week 1) or travelling a lot (week 2)
- I went to a BBQ and was saved from being scorched by the sun by my wonderful parasol

### FAR IN TIME, FAR IN SPACE

- It's sad that it enters into this category, but the entry is [EMF Camp]. I will break my initial rule (which I've already been *very* lax on by the use of all these parentheses), and provide a few sentences here, because I had such a great time at EMF Camp. It is a festival full of wonderful, caring, and incredibly interesting people. There has been a lot of love of it online, which I can only mirror. I will share some [fun facts](https://chaos.social/@jonty/112576808689409141) from the teardown, which I hope help summarise the ethos of the whole event:

  - The reusable cup vendors are absolutely astonished that we returned 95% of cups. Apparently that is the highest amount they've ever seen returned from a festival by a huge margin.
  - The bin vendor was shocked that all the bins were present and correct, and none of them had been damaged.
  - Some locals walked their dog through the site during teardown and say they love us because all the other festivals leave so much rubbish on site. They want to come in 2026.

<!-- omit in toc -->
## The END

Again, I have written these notes in a rushed manner.

Hopefully next week I shall not do that.

Time passes. Grasses grow. Crows caw. Law's time.

Until next time,

alifeee

[OpenBenches]: https://openbenches.org/
[EMF Camp]: https://www.emfcamp.org/
