# Weeknotes 40

In a special weeknotes one-off, we have four special guest writers.

What did I do this week, as written by four different people:

- [esmoid](#esmoid)
- [egg](#egg)
- [ningmei](#ningmei)
- [zebra](#zebra)

---

## esmoid

hello it’s esmoid :o

This week alifeee got up to many things- as he often does, personally i need more naps than his calendar allows.

### warwick

alifeee ventured to Warwick early this week to go to hackathon! he stayed with a dear friend and enjoyed playing keyforge (a card game). he also played badminton which i’ve been eager to play with him over the last few weeks. a mac n cheese pizza was also thoroughly enjoyed! hackathon has had mixed reviews, alifeee would probably tell you he had a nice time and left early due to unrelated events. he met hugh barnard which you’ll hear more from else where.

### hackathon

some other things alifeee got up to at hackspace were:
talked about ethical software
ate some veggie food
met some very interesting people

### leaf crowns

on alifeee's return to sheffield from warwick i met him in western park for some autumnal foraging and leaf crown building. we didn’t manage to find any conkers or pine cones but we crafted a leaf crown each out of sycamore leaves with varied structural integrity. 

afterwards, we had a walk in ponderosa park, making use of the play area. alifeee and ningmei also kindly fed me dinner from their bags (ozmens bread and dhal) before i dashed to film unit to see (sleep through) ghost in the shell.

### hitching to hull

friday morning i met alifeee bright and early in order to initiate our journey to hull! it took about 1.5hours of passionate waving and thumbing in sheffield before we scored our first lift from a lovely climber who was happy to tell us about his experiences hitching while travelling and his upcoming holiday to patagonia. 

our first lift took us to woodall where we took another 30minutes to recieve our second and final lift of the journey to hull. a kind group of three picked us up as their good deed of the day and were born and bred hullians. one of the group being a newly 94 year old. we were treated to lovely chats and the sweetie box! the ‘kendal crew’ get an honourable mention for offering us a lift to hull but only having one seat- and also papping us!

### green fair

whilst in hull we were very lucky to be able to drop into the green fair, there were many lovely makers there as well as charitable groups and second hand stalls. we had some very enjoyable talks with local environmentalists and all got to enjoy some tomato and pepper soup. i’d like to look into similar events being held in sheffield.

### heckling

over the course of the hull weekend i’ve discovered the people of hull are a big fan of heckling and general confrontation. my favourite heckling experience took place as hull fair was closing for the night. alifeee was heckled by a middle aged woman who was very interested in his height-

‘six foot what? six foot what? sexy little bear-‘

### blogging

this week alifeee was mentioned in- 
https://trimmings.wtf/sept-2024

there are also plans for alifeee to host in upcoming computer night, which may involve helping his less computer literate friends (who may have written this weeknotes) to set up websites/blogs.

### pollen bot 

it is that time of year again, pollen bot is down again until april as the met office have finished their annual pollen forecasting.

### subletting

a certain paraguayan housemate of alifeee's is still mia and the household has come to the conclusion to sublet the room for the next few months. a potential subletter is being met on monday (which will bring about alifeee's return to sheffield)!

### hackspace

the month notes for hackspace are slightly delayed but will be coming soon- keep an eye out.


this is all from me for now,
love esmoid

---

## egg

oh well hello. °˖✧◝(⁰▿⁰)◜✧˖° egg tuned in here on the alifeee wavelengths writing in for a weeknotes collab. exciting stuff.

so the one day alifeee was at sheffield,, he spent an evening at our house,, making dinner and enemies at 1am. he then left our humble abode in search of tasty meals at the joni botanic gardens. whilst im sure he ate, im not quite sure what he actually ate. saw a picture and although alifeee claims it was a hashbrown, i certainly know when i see one, and it looked more like a fillet o fish a shroom and some melty cheese than a spectacular fried potato scramble. 

we did not consume any hashbrowns during our trip. however we had some yummy hully delicacies including;;  
/ a plate of bare naked vegan dawgs  
/ several biccies  
/ eggy bread and beans  

the favourite thing i put in my mouth during our hull trip was the spiders special crumpet sandwich. what a showstopper. two generously buttered buttery crumpets with a slither of diary of a wimpy kid artificial american cheese and chili sauce. these are served at spiders, the gothic corp of hull,, and in the context of a night out,, a crumpet was never so welcomely received. 

the voyage to spiders,, our post-hull fair adventure,, was treacherous and tantalising. on the bus we made several new friends, and rekindled old flames meeting a lookalike of the famous Billy Gibbins. ningmei and zebra lowered land value in the streets (snickets to hullians(?)) and we reconvened (as the universe would have it,, with billy gibbins 2.0 once again. we also reconvened with big fun friends, although they did not seem down to clown (perhaps we were too elderly) and disappointed us with an early departure. alifeees sister was also present at spiders, props to her, as was her enthusiastic husband and their friend who participated in the cringe warmup with zeal and pleasure in the smokers area. the smoko was also conducive to bumming behaviour, with egg and ningmei preying on altruistic nictoine addict students. lets see if i can remember yall,, with much gratitude;;  
-ash (unenthused) and nathan (overly enthused) who let me lucky cig them  
-joe and his bro (idek man im terribly sorry but you have a band so lemme plug ur name rn : fragile acts)  
-solo ed who let me roll and then rapidly let me go  

in bumming spirit we decided also to attempt a hitchhike home,, with one body too many for our taxi ride home. egg and zebra watched in awe as ningmei, esmoid and alifeee absolutely slayed in begging and managed to cop a lift with some goth guys ten minutes round the corner. esmoid and egg were unfortunately not awake to ascertain their safe return, slept snugly in the living room with a noisy little pussy cat and a horribly deflated blow up bed. zebra however was a significantly tolerable camp mate and caused no cause for concern. 

this morning was a lazy daze. alifeee did not awake until roughly 2pm. these hours lay in obscurity for alifeee, but rest assured there was some silliness,, bicciness and no drippiness. his awakening brought along the near outdoors, where we sat conspiring of rival hitchhiking squadrons, smacking balls on a string and minor gaslighting. more biccies were bought and consumed for moral support. 

fish was not consumed on the trip (i believe). slightly inhumane behaviour considering egg (i) and esmoid spent a whole day mentally balls deep at the deep whilst the others chose a cerebrally relaxing day out in the fresh daylight of hull. 

alifeee very generously used up his clubcard points to share discount for our tickets. very utalitarian of you <3. we have been in deep discussion on the ethicalities of supermarkets,, and it turns out tesco is the most boycotted supermarket in the uk, and perhaps one of the most unethical? so redistribution of almond croissants from tesco seems morally unambiguous surely? i can confirm, alifeee has not yet revoked his tesco clubcard, but movements toward this are in the works.

looking far into next week,, alifeee has suggested a website whistle stop lesson,, which i am deeply enthusiastic for. alifeee is a website extraordinaire. just ask the masseuse wellbeing bois who asked alifeee for help constructing a qr code for their website. technologically speaking,, alifeee also switched from notion to obsidian this week. in a very formal interview i conducted with he, notion was described as being ‘kinda slow, megacorp-core, and disappointingly ai in everything’ whereas obsidian was ‘extensible’ and had an element of community owing to ‘user made plug ins(?)’. in too deep for me.  anyway much luv,, p3ac3 out xoxox

---

## ningmei

Hi, firstly i’d like to say it’s a great privelidge to have this opportunity to contribute to alifeee’s weeknotes. Inspired by alifeee’s whimsical categorisation methods my section will be categorised by ‘type of action’. The reasons why each action fits into each category may not be immediately obvious…some things fit in for multiple reasons…use your imagination! 

### Morally ambiguous actions

To my knowledge alifeee went to his office/studio twice this past week. The first time he abandoned his bike there due to torrential downpour and the kind offer of a lift from a co-worker. I visited alifeee’s office/studio for the first time this week. alifeee gave me some pretty poor instructions of how to access the window and shout for him to let me in. This was neccesary because my visit happened to fall on a boneless wednsday (for new readers boneless wednsday is a day on which alifeee detaches himself from his phone). When i eventually did enter the office/studio i was appalled to discover that alifeee had instagram open on his work computer- arguably defeating the objective of boneless wednesday. 

Following attending Big Fun on Friday alifeee shared a room with me and zebra. We had a lovely and therapeutic deep chat about Catan following which relations broke down and a watertight broke out. I actually don’t recall who threw the first metaphorical stone hence why this is categorised as morally ambiguous. The next morning however- zebra made some extra unprovoked attacks. Proportionate retaliations were made. 

Went to Hull fair. zebra’s harness almost came off on this super tall super spinny super scary ride. It had not been put on properly. Absolutely terrifying. Proud of zebra for making it through that. Wait it’s just come to my attention that this was a gaslight. Apparently alifeee saw through it the whole time. #gaslightera 

### Morally neutral actions

Planned to hitchhike to a place in the UK beginning with B. Destination yet to be decided upon we just agreed that it must begin with B. If you have any ideas please feel free to reach out and share the pros of the place. Current ideas = Belfast, Bristol, Barry. 

alifeee’s attention was drawn towards loads of Royal Mail vans. Sometimes when he spotted other red vehicles he jumped to the incorrect conclusion that they were also Royal Mail vans. 

### Altruistic actions

alifeee proactively took it upon himself to twiddle some screws in the mechanism of the door between my kitchen and living room. The aim of the game was to get the door to close more slowly. It has a history of suddenly closing on unsuspecting people who happen to be standing in the doorway. It even hit Esmoid in the head at a really fun housewarming party a few weeks ago. Thankfully Esmoid was under the influence to a sufficient extent that the pain was minimal. The attempt at fixing the door was to some extent successful- It closes more slowly- though still perhaps quicker than ideal. 

alifeee gave me a croggy to my lecture because I was running really quite late. The whole journey was very downhill #sheffield. It was fun- though some people using university of sheffield staff uniforms heckled us on the way down imitating a tune that alifeee was humming in a mocking way. They suck. 

alifeee arranged some stuff to do with toki pona magazines that he organises sending out internationally. This involved something to do with a map accessible via this link <https://umap.openstreetmap.fr/en/map/lipu-pi-sona-ma_1114317#2/>.

alifeee met Hugh Barnard- who he reportedly really liked and felt inspired by. alifeee showed us some interesting parts of Hugh’s book. Notably his list of the ethicality of various supermarket chains. Asda came out at the most immoral, whilst Coop came out as morally superior. 

Whilst egg and Esmoid visited the Deep (a renowned aquarium in Hull) zebra, alifeee and I kicked about and went to the Hull street life museum. We went in a cool simulated carriage ride. Saw some vintage bikes. Penny Farthings were a crazy invention. zebra redistributed some digestives and ‘Fish n Chips’ crisps. We had a nice picnic and made a cool time lapse of ring a ring a roses.  #timelapsera 

---

## zebra

### Lichfield

alifeee visited the “City of Lichfield”. Lichfield is only classed as a City because it has a huge gothic style Cathedral that has been built and rebuilt many times through its several hundred year history.  
As alifeee approached the Cathedral, he began to sweat. The sweat expressed him unease at the many lives lost in the making and defending of the Cathedral. The gothic style architecture towered and shadowed over his little 6ft1 body, and he decided that he will feel the weight of its history on the inside.  
alifeee ran inside the Cathedral and was immediately called a fag. He redistributed a candle and lit it for the Shroomies crew. He received a divine blessing and had a beautiful day in Lichfield.  

#### Library

The day was reaching a timeless mid-afternoon when alifeee decided to have a cheeky gander through the world acclaimed Lichfield Cathedral. alifeee was struck by the serious plaques outside that displayed all those that died and were buried in the Lichfield market square. Sad days of Lichfield history indeed. Very sad. Anyway alifeee got a pastry, and some sandwiches that were very tasty. Were they vegetarian or pescatarian? Nobody really knows.  
alifeee found loads of stained glass that completely blew his mind and he considered redistributing it but decided it was unethical.  

Inspired by this Tory metropolis, he returned to Sheffield politically troubled.

### Big Fun

alifeee took his Sheffield friends to Big Fun, an infamously dangerous place, strictly reserved for 18+ year olds, and only occurring on Friday nights.  
Unfortunately egg did not take their ID, because they have non-life threatening memory issues caused by Liquid Gold. Thankfully ningmei came in clutch with a secondary ID, and we exiled egg for a secondary ningmei for the night. zebra was unrecognisable but was allowed in. They confiscated zebra’s bottle because even water is cancelled these days.  
Once entry was secured, egg, ningmei, zebra and esmoid hid in an egg like children’s fun vechicle thing. esmoid struggled to get in, but they took some cute photos.
Once everyone entered big fun, they went ape-shit crazy and ran around a, cosplaying as deranged baby monkeys (riding backwards on a pig). Anyway, they played sardines and everyone took the game maybe a little too seriously? alifeee just tried to have fun, but of course, the inner Catan-esque energy of the group created a super competitive environment; zebra dominated as usual.   Everyone went on the big death slide (likelihood of death is 1 in 100,000!). esmoid was a little scared to go down, but the Crew, especially ningmei have them a pep talk and convinced esmoid that they are absolutely an apex predator who was destined to destroy their enemy.   esmoid proceeded to annihilate the death slide and become the best big slider in history. Everyone has severe slide burns, especially zebra who is an absolute Alpha male (and Catan master/simp). ningmei was given an assignment to redistribute raisins from big fun but ningmei suffered a big loss and they were overwhelmed by feeble pussio fear.  
esmoid found a £1 and invested in Crypto Big Deep coins.  

### Gloomhaven

alifeee played a game that wasn’t Catan. Entry not worth expanding.

### Thermostat

alifeee’s house discovered that the house thermostat did not work. They had to fight either a terribly hot sauna house or a winter storm. Their final decision is not uncertain, but their days are definitely numbered. Winter is coming.

### Water Fight (zebra’s perspective)

zebra entered alifeee’s living room. alifeee and ningmei were on the airbed. Frightened by their hostile demeanour, and their big glasses of water, zebra decided to mitigate the future conflict. He initiated the great Water Conflict 1 by pouring water on top of alifeee and instantly moved on to extinguishing ningmei’s aggressive nature with a big dollop of water that levelled the unequal power dynamics. Unhappy with this redistribution and return of just social relations, alifeee and ningmei decided that they were going to go onto a smear campaign to ruin zebra’s reputation and to ultimately succeed in their final solution of usurping the upstairs bedroom bed. They proceeded to make outrageous and unfair claims and statements about zebra’s action, framing him as a an aggressive, horrible, and menacing roommate. zebra, broken by these horrible stories and allegations decided that he would allow egg and esmoid to make their own opininions and decision about the situation. After being forced to be zebra’s roommate, they discovered that he was actually a divine angel and super cool man. He first pumped their airbed mattress, and then later allowed them to go toilet first and kept them safe whilst that they proceeded to fall asleep. Despite their hostile nature, zebra waited for alifeee and ningmei to get back from their irresponsible stranger adventure. He mercifully let them in into alifeee’s own house!!! They begged for his forgiveness and kissed his feet. zebra, with his merciful nature, instantly forgave them and gave them a big hug and they lived happily ever after.  
[Source: zebra] (Several People Denounce zebra’s Credibility but in reality he suffers from an epistemically injustice).

### G-Spread Release

G spread was released. Crazy plot twist.

### Pirated Books

alifeee discovered a whole book collection that would in modern times be deemed as belonging to pirates.

### Nap Heckle

alifeee, ningmei, and zebra were taking a very lovely nap on a bit of grass after redistributing from filfthy capitalist retailers. A very horrible man tried to join us and unbuckled his belt, and said that zebra and alifeee would have tonight. We then ignored this and danced like crazy gay lords. 

---

## the end

thanks and best wishes to esmoid, ningmei, egg, and zebra.

life is other people

until next week

alifeee