# Weeknotes 13

I did not post weeknotes last week. I did write a list of what I did. Here it is:

- ■■■■ ■■■■ ■■■■■
- ■■■■ ■■ ■■■■■■■■ ■■■■■ ■■■■■■■■ ■■■■
- ■■■■■■■ ■■■■■ ■■■■■■ ■■■ ■■■ ■ ■■■■■■ ■■■■
- ■■■■■■ ■■■■ ■■■■■■■■■ ■■■■
- ■■-■■■■■■ ■■■■■■■■ ■■■■■■■■■■ (■■■■■■■■ ■■■■■ ■■ ■■■■■■ ■■ ■■■■■, ■■■, ■■■■)
- ■■■■ ■■■ ■■■■■
- ■■■■■■■■■■ ■■■■ ■■■■ ■■■■■
- ■■■■ ■■■■■■■■■ ■■■■■■ ■■■■■
- ■■■■ ■■ ■■■■■ ■■■■■ ■■■■■■■■ ■■■■■■ ■■■■■
- ■■■■■ ■■ ■■■■■■■■■■■ ■■■■■ ■■■ ■■■■■■■■■■ ■■■■■■ ■■■■■■■
- ■■■■ ■■ ■■■■■■ ■■■■■
- ■■■■ ■■ ■■■■■ ■■■■■
- ■■■■■■ ■■■■■■■■■
- ■■■■ ■■ ■■■ ■■■■■ ■■■■■
- ■■■■■■■■■ ■■■■■■■-■■■■■■ ■■■■■■■■
- ■■■■ ■■■■■■■■■■■ ■■■■■■■■
- ■■■ ■■■ ■■ ■■■ ■■■■■ (■■■■ ■■■ ■■ ■■■■■)
- ■■■■■■■ ■ ■■■ ■■ ■■■■■■■ ■■■ ■■■ ■■■■■ ■■■
- ■■■■■■■■■ ■■■■■■■ ■■ ■■■■■ ■■■■■://■■■■.■■■■■■■.■■.■■/■■■■■/■■■■■■■■■■-■■■■■■■■-■■-■■■■■■■-■■■■■■■■-■■-■■■■■/
- ■■■■■ ■■■■■ !
- ■■■■■■■■■ !
- ■■■■■■■■■ !
- ■■■■■■ ■■■ ■■■■ ■■■■ ■■■■■■!
- ■■■■■■■■ ■ ■■■ ■■■ ■■ ■■■■■■■ ■■■■■■ ■■■ ■■■■■■■ ■■ ■■■■■■ ■■ ■■■ ■■■■■■ ■■■■
- ■■■■■■■ ■■■■■■■■■■■■ ■■■■■■■ ■■■ ■■
- ■■■■■■■ ■■■■■■■ ■■ ■■■ ■■■■■■■ ■■■■■■ ■■■■ ■■■■ ■■■■■■■ ■■■
- ■■■■■ ■■■■■■■■ ■■■■■■ ■■■■ ■■■■ ■■ ■■■■■■■■
- ■■■■■ ■■■ ■■■■■ ■■■ ■■■■ ■■■■■■ ■■■■
- ■■■ ■■■■■■ ■■ ■■■■■■■■■ ■■■■■■■■ ! ■■■■■://■■■■■■■■■.■■■■■■■■/■■■■■■■/■■■■■■/#■■■■■■
- ■■■■ ■ ■■■ ■■■-■■■■■■ ■■■■ ■■ ■■■■■■■ ■■■■■■ ■■■■■
- ■■■■■ ■■■■■ ■■■■■ ■■ ■■■■ ■■■■■ ■■■ ■■■■■ ■■■■■ ■■■ ■■■■■ ■■ ■■■
- ■■■■■ ■■■■■■■ ■■ ■■■ ■■■■■ ■■ ■■■■■://■■■■■■■.■■.■■/■■■■■■■■■■/#■■■%20■■■■■

Oh no! It looks like it was redacted because it's in the wrong week!

Well… nothing to do but get on with what I did *this* week:

1. [Inside](#inside)
   1. [I put up a sofa moodboard](#i-put-up-a-sofa-moodboard)
   2. [I put up posters](#i-put-up-posters)
   3. [I made some art out of old keyboard keys](#i-made-some-art-out-of-old-keyboard-keys)
2. [Outside](#outside)
   1. [I went to the park](#i-went-to-the-park)
   2. [I went to the graveyard](#i-went-to-the-graveyard)
   3. [I'm still not wearing a bike helmet](#im-still-not-wearing-a-bike-helmet)
   4. [I bought bike lights](#i-bought-bike-lights)
3. [In or near my house](#in-or-near-my-house)
   1. [I cleaned my kitchen](#i-cleaned-my-kitchen)
   2. [I identified a tree](#i-identified-a-tree)
   3. [I cleaned some paving stones](#i-cleaned-some-paving-stones)
   4. [I climbed our neighbour's tree](#i-climbed-our-neighbours-tree)
   5. [I joined a compost scheme](#i-joined-a-compost-scheme)
4. [At the hackspace](#at-the-hackspace)
   1. [I went to the AGM](#i-went-to-the-agm)
   2. [I became a director](#i-became-a-director)
   3. [I tested a rubber stamp](#i-tested-a-rubber-stamp)
   4. [I've been promoting a website-making-workshop](#ive-been-promoting-a-website-making-workshop)
   5. [I wrote a blog post](#i-wrote-a-blog-post)
5. [Technologically](#technologically)
   1. [I bought a USB to Aux cable](#i-bought-a-usb-to-aux-cable)
   2. [I jailbroke a kindle](#i-jailbroke-a-kindle)
   3. [I ordered a kindle](#i-ordered-a-kindle)
6. [Online](#online)
   1. [I'm helping plan the release of the April Fools' issue of lipu tenpo](#im-helping-plan-the-release-of-the-april-fools-issue-of-lipu-tenpo)
   2. [I refreshed an API key](#i-refreshed-an-api-key)
   3. [I played Minecraft](#i-played-minecraft)
   4. [I wrote a new blog post](#i-wrote-a-new-blog-post)
7. [For Big Blummit](#for-big-blummit)
   1. [I've been sharing a GoFundMe](#ive-been-sharing-a-gofundme)
   2. [I've been planning a car trip](#ive-been-planning-a-car-trip)
   3. [I modified my OwnTracks configuration](#i-modified-my-owntracks-configuration)
8. [The End](#the-end)

## Inside

### I put up a sofa moodboard

I'd love a sofa in my room. Just a small one. A 1.5-seater. Even just an armchair. I don't have one, but I do now have a collage of one where it would fit in the corner.

### I put up posters

I've had a roll of posters in my room for a long time. I finally put them up around my room and the house, with blu-tac. Some fell down already. Such is blu-tac.

### I made some art out of old keyboard keys

I've still got my old computer keyboard that is really bad. It needs to (eventually) go to an electronic waste place. For now, it might live in my house for a while. I cannibalised it and stole some keys to make a little sentence out of the keys that I will stick to something.

## Outside

### I went to the park

It was the first sunny-hangout-on-the-grass of 2025. It was very nice.

### I went to the graveyard

It was the second sunny-hangout-on-the-grass of 2025. It was very nice.

### I'm still not wearing a bike helmet

Sorry.

### I bought bike lights

My back (red) light went bust a while ago. I've finally got a new one.

## In or near my house

### I cleaned my kitchen

It was good. I went to the charity shop and got a couple of trays to put the spices on so I could pick up all of the spices at once.

### I identified a tree

No more info.

### I cleaned some paving stones

I borrowed a pressure washer for it, but it wasn't very strong, so I wandered around my neighbourhood seeing if anyone had some hard-bristled brushes. Someone did (and recognised me from our last street party), so lent me them. We spent a couple of hours soaping, brushing, and rinsing our paving stones. They look nice now! Much less mossy.

### I climbed our neighbour's tree

It looks so climbable from our garden. We climbed it.

### I joined a compost scheme

I joined a mailing list for a "collection food waste scheme" a while ago. They sent an email this week notifying that they were starting a trial. I joined up, and we'll get given a bucket and some bokashi soon.

## At the hackspace

### I went to the AGM

Much was discussed.

### I became a director

I'm now a director of [Sheffield Hackspace](https://www.sheffieldhackspace.org.uk/). Pretty neat. Lots to do.

### I tested a rubber stamp

I laser engraved a small rubber stamp, to test it. It works pretty well. I might make more.

### I've been promoting a website-making-workshop

It's happening soon. I won't tell you about it here, but I will share [this list of personal website-making resources](https://discourse.32bit.cafe/t/resources-list-for-the-personal-web/49) (it's a great big list.)

### I wrote a blog post

It was about our dice casting workshop. It's on <https://www.sheffieldhackspace.org.uk/dice-casting/>. You could read it.

## Technologically

### I bought a USB to Aux cable

It was a couple of quid. It means I can play audio from my Linux PC to a Bluetooth speaker via aux. The aux cord by itself didn't work (damn Linux).

### I jailbroke a kindle

The [MobileRead wiki](https://wiki.mobileread.com/wiki/K4_Index) is very helpful. I can now put PDFs/ePubs/HTML files on a kindle and read them on-the-go, or in sunlight. It's nice to be free.

### I ordered a kindle

It's nice to be free.

## Online

### I'm helping plan the release of the April Fools' issue of lipu tenpo

Mainly just the social media post. I wonder whether I should send them with print & post or package them with the next issue.

### I refreshed an API key

The "new" type of GitHub API token only lasts 1 year maximum. So, I sometimes get emails telling me they're expiring, and I go and regenerate them and put them where they live. Today, it was a lipu tenpo key linking the article submission form to the GitHub issues proofreading board. It's sort of nice, as it makes me recall where the scripts actually are that *use* the keys.

### I played Minecraft

This week it started early. We went on a big adventure together, and did some archaeology.

### I wrote a new blog post

It's about dice casting. It's also above for the hackspace, but I mirrored it on my own blog on <https://blog.alifeee.net/2025/03/dice-casting/>. Sometimes, people have said that when they open my blog posts, "the styling disappears". This is intentional.

## For Big Blummit

### I've been sharing a GoFundMe

It's <https://www.gofundme.com/f/help-fund-piotrs-british-citizenship>. You should donate a little.

### I've been planning a car trip

This involves route planning, getting insurance, and ensuring the car has things you need to drive in Europe, like warning triangles and GB stickers.

### I modified my OwnTracks configuration

I added two people to it. While it was in my mind, I also wrote a note about it:

<https://blog.alifeee.net/notes/setting-up-own-tracks-on-my-server/>

## The End

That's all for this week.

Good Bye.

alifeee
