# Weeknotes 34

oh… hello ;]

Welcome back to an extra secret edition of my weeknotes.

I fancied starting it back up, so I have. But I'm in the middle of redesigning the homepage, so I haven't published it just yet. Maybe next week.

Anyway, what did I do this week?

- I played Terraforming Mars
- I went to a friends' birthday BBQ in the park
- A new lipu tenpo was released, it's not yet on website as nobody has put it on there. Maybe I will
- I watched some of "that Minecraft war & peace video". It eeked me out a bit, so I stopped watching it.
- There was a new HMO license data release
- I refilled our 5 litre washing up liquid tub at a local refill shop
- I wrote and published an agenda for our next hackspace directors' meeting
- I wrote 3 notes ! a record this year, probably.
- I made some updates to the simple calendar
  - automatic icalendar file generation (now you can sync it to your Google calendar !)
- I made some PRs to edent's ActivityBot
- I moved my film watchlist onto Movary. It's neat!
- I made some contributions to Movary to make it into a more usable webbed site
- I downloaded Freaky Friday for someone
- I bought and jailbroke a new kindle (see the note)
- I read the third book in the DiscWorld series (Equal Rites)
- I went to secret gaming (we played Lethal League and Unrailed)
- I assembled this month's hackspace membership list
- I updated the address of the hackspace on the Internet
- I went for a meal in Hull
- I missed craft night (was ill)
- I was ill
- I made a football fixtures bot
- I measured up some rooms (unfortunately pictures so I can't put them here)
- I put my decaying website to rest (it had broken)
- they changed my Firefox mobile buttons :[

That's all for this week! Says I, to nobody in particular.

See you next week.
