# Weeknotes 4

This week, my energy for weeknoting is somewhere between "none" and "lots". Thusly, I've whacked my topics into <https://wheelofnames.com/>, and I will write about some of them, and provide the others as an unedited list.

What have I done this week, in (perhaps for the first time) a *random* order?

## I've been sorting out lipu tenpo

It's time for another delivery of [lipu tenpo](https://liputenpo.org/) zines. This month, there were 48 people subscribed to receive an issue of [lipu tenpo nanpa loje](https://liputenpo.org/lipu/nanpa-loje/). I sent a print order last week, it arrived on Friday. I bought loads of stamps, they arrived immediately because I bought them at the post office. Today, I went to massive Sainsbury's and bought loads of what I know now to be "C5 envelopes". Finally, this morning, I also printed off 3 sheets of address labels (3 times 16 is 48). Tomorrow morning, I'll put them all together like a ball of sticky stationery Lego, and deliver them to the post office.

I also have two other things to post at the post office. It's going to be a hell of a day for Royal Mail.

## I tried the FSV filesystem viewer

I hate acronyms. FSV stands for FileSystem Visualiser. I saw it after seeing a reference to a scene from Jurassic Park that I wasn't aware of where the kids say "I know this! It's a Unix System!", and following it up with a web-search, leading to [this forum post](https://movies.stackexchange.com/questions/9745/is-the-unix-operating-system-featured-in-jurassic-park-real).

It's a 3 dimensional filesystem viewer, which is a neat concept. It was a bit annoying to install, and a bit annoying to use, but gimmicky enough that I had a fun time, and will probably use it as an anecdote in 7-and-a-half months when I'm talking to someone about browsing files on Linux.

## I got two emails out of the blue

The first was from my neighbour, whose door I'd knocked last month.

The second was from someone who'd been referred to me via someone in Nottingham, who had read my [Hull Bus Signs](https://blog.alifeee.net/hull-bus-sign/) blog post and who had their own bus sign that they wanted to hack into.

I met both of them.

## I got a response to my CSS Naked Day Eleventy pull request

A while ago (eight-and-a-half months) I made [a pull request](https://github.com/css-naked-day/css-naked-day.github.io/pull/166) to the [CSS Naked Day website](https://css-naked-day.github.io/). It's a neat event, where people come together and remove all styles (all CSS) on their website for an international day (strangely, 50 hours long), to point out that HTML should be semantic and not technically require styling for a website to remain usable. You know, when you're browsing on a poor Internet connection, or on the inbuilt web browser on your 15-year-old smart TV. Those times.

Anyway, I refactored the site to use [Eleventy](https://www.11ty.dev/), a customisable static site builder, instead of what they currently do, which is hand-write the HTML. That's absolutely fine, *until* you run a project on GitHub that gets 50 pull requests in 24 hours, all to the same file, mostly to the same lines in the file. So, the static site way of doing things means the pull requests are all individual files, so don't interact with each other to cause problems.

Perhaps they will merge the PR soon, with some edits.

## I want to run some workshops

I like running workshops, or workshoppy-style things. They're a fun opportunity to share knowledge across different people's brains, get people in the same room thinking about the same niche idea, and collaborate.

In the coming time, I'd like to run workshops on:

- Discord bot making
- personal website making
- (run by someone else, but I'd like to facilitate an) earring making workshop

Watch this space. Or, come to Sheffield.

## I played random free multiplayer games

For an evening, my friends and I browsed the newest free multiplayer games on Steam, and tried a few of them. They were... OK.

## The middle

I think it's about time to switch tac. I hope you've enjoyed the high effort sections. It's now time for the low-effort bullet list

- picked up CO2 monitor to give to friend
- got back from trip ! two trains from Paris to Sheffield - met friends for burritos
- thinking about restarting barotrauma
- "gaming" PC! (free PC I was given)
  - reset Windows - didn't recognise GPU
  - installed Pop!\_OS
    - reset was good (thanks to backup repo)
    - all good with games (thanks Proton) but haven't tested controllers (I have many types)
- went to BIG sainsburys - bought electronics (USB cable, aux cord, headset), bedding (pyjamas, bedding set), saucepan
- bought SD card to boot an old raspberry pi for a thermal printer
- gloomhaven! last time on my laptop
- messaged two people about OpenStreetMap, they got back to me with great speed and with great knowledge
- got satirical magazine zine created by mystery man

## The End

That's all for this week. That's all for this day. That's all for this hour. That's all for this minute. That's all for now.

Water your plants.

until next time.

alifeee
