# Weeknotes 11

Hello !

It's time for my weeknotes. What did I do this week ?

## programming

- I tried the (now inbuild) Terminal on Android. I was successfuly able to install [Atuin](https://atuin.sh/), which was kinda neat. But I wasn't able to do the one thing which I think could be useful from a mobile Terminal, which is build a PlatformIO project (to then program a Microcontroller from my phone - wouldn't *that* be neat!)
- I added images to the events on <https://events.sheffield.alifeee.net/> (my Sheffield events Mastodon bot), so the page is a bit easier to scroll down by letting your eyes get caught by the images. I'm not hosting the images, I just scraped the URLs for the OG-images from the event pages and link to them. Thank god for cross-origin *image* sharing
- I wrote some notes:
    - [how to get a GPS trace of train and boat journeys](https://blog.alifeee.net/notes/how-to-get-a-gps-trace-of-train-and-boat-journeys/)
    - [testing Rust for the first time by making an identicon](https://blog.alifeee.net/notes/testing-rust-for-the-first-time-by-making-an-identicon/)
    - [testing micropython on an ESP8266 D1 Mini](https://blog.alifeee.net/notes/testing-micropython-on-an-esp-8266-d1-mini/)
- I added an "fediverse creator" tag to my blog posts (that looks like `<meta name="fediverse:creator" content="@alifeee@mastodon.social">`) so that when shared on Mastodon/etc, they have an author attached. It didn't work at first, but just now I've allowed my blog to reference it. I guess it makes sense that random people can't claim to just be you.

## personal

- I had a bath. I don't have a bath.
- my mother visited, we explored, partly by going to some anti-racist workshops
- I got a speaker and an aux-cord for the studio (but I couldn't figure out how to connect them to my computer, annoyingly - something weird with audio)

## hackspace

- I tried out making stamps out of laser-cut MDF and ink pads. They turn out OK. I might get some rubber.
- I tested InfoBeamer on a Pi 3. It wasn't good enough to have support for the web browser. I suppose I'll still need a Pi 4 to continue.
- I went to the final Dice Casting session, where I removed my dice from the moulds, knifed down the sprue-bit, and painted them. Painting it was satisfying.
- I got some sewing machine lubricant. The machine is overdue a service.
- I made a calendar and layed out a help guide for volunteers
- I set up the thermal printer for anyone to use. Printing for all!

## misc

- I bought 42 international stamps for [lipu tenpo](https://liputenpo.org/)

## events

- I went to wellbeing. Tasty, tasty, treats.
- I played Minecraft! Again! Another Tuesday, another load of fish.
- I went to a meeting. Mostly I was interested in showing off my instance of <https://owntracks.org/>

## the end

that's all for this week.

I very much hope you have had a wonderful last 7 days. I do.

until next time

alifeee
